Ros1 update fan info (#179)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_power_control/README.md

- `/panther/hardware/digital_power_enable` [*std_srvs/SetBool*]: enable or disable the internal digital power used to power on, e.g. NUC, Router, etc.
- `/panther/hardware/e_stop_reset` [*std_srvs/Trigger*]: reset emergency stop.
- `/panther/hardware/e_stop_trigger` [*std_srvs/Trigger*]: trigger emergency stop.

> - `/panther/hardware/fan_enable` [*std_srvs/SetBool*]: enable or disable internal fan. By default, the fan is controlled using the `manager_node`. Calling the service from the terminal when it is enabled might not work as expected. It is advisable to use `manager_node` when implementing fan behaviors. For more information, refer to [panther_manager](../panther_manager/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/panther/hardware/fan_enable` [*std_srvs/SetBool*]: enable or disable internal fan. Calling the service from the terminal when it is enabled might yield unintuitive behavior. This is because `manager_node` overwrites control. It is advisable to use `manager_node` when implementing fan behaviors. For more information, refer to [panther_manager](../panther_manager/README.md).
```
